

Paper View
Platform: The game runs on a browser emulator of the original product. This limits the controls to just the keyboard. Because of the age of the game, modern computers run it easily, but there is still some input delay.
Game mechanics: The game is supposed to be very hard, with many deaths expected just to learn about new areas, but the game gives you unlimited lives, with a timer being ending the game. This mechanic plays into the strengths of the games and make restarting less frustrating at the beginning.
Storytelling: The game’s intro cutscene is quick and to the the point, explaining why there is a timer and motivating the player. There is no voice acting but thats simply due to the age of the game. Platforming games usually don’t have the story as one of their selling points so it’s not really a disappointment.
Visual design: The game uses a simplistic 8-bit style  that I found very charming. The use of rumbling animations of tiles should have been utilized on other items to show that they can be interacted with. I found the idea of going into each next room blind interesting at first, but when going into a new room kills you instantly half the time, it loses charm fast. The player model and enemy models are very barebones but also very expressive at the same time. The interface is very barebones with no button prompts or descriptions, which is refreshing compared to more modern games.
Game pacing: I didn’t beat the game but I watched a walkthrough and even that at 2x speed bored me. I understand that it is more of a puzzle game than an action game but that doesn’t make it any more interesting when I watch the answer to the 20th puzzle be “jump on a pressure plate again”. Older games often have a focus on repetition and memorizing the movements for each room, but that quickly becomes boring after too many tries.
 Player Engagement: The first time experiencing something new in the game is very engaging, I complained about the puzzles benign repetitive, but they are still satisfying to finish for the frist few times. The problem comes after you have to do the same room puzzle for the 10th time after dying to a trap that is nearly impossible to dodge without prior knowledge. The sword fighting was interesting but with the input delay it was very frustrating in practice. 
Graphics and audio: As stated before the 8 bit style is charming and the audio also reflects that, with scratchy middle eastern music playing during cutscenes. The music doesn’t reflect the areas that well and gets almost taunting after it restarts at each death.  There are also very limited ambient sounds, but very reactive sound effects for things like fighting and walking. 
 
